Time: 15.04.2025 . probably around 18:00

# Agenda
1. Game design doc. What is it? How do I use it?
	1. Logistics (obisidian/git)
	2. General structure explained
	3. How to find shit
	4. Where (and when) to add shit
2. Quick overview of the phases the project will have.
3. Define a core concept.
	1. High level summary
	2. Design pillars
	3. Themes
	4. General setting defined
	5. Camera Perspective decided
4. Define technical details
	1. What platform?
	2. What software?
5. Core gameplay loop (če bo volja)


# Notes

## High level summary WIP
You're a rat person that delivers things from settlement to settlement underground in the post-human post-apocalypse and shaping the world to make the deliveries easier.

Isolated settlements have sprung up underground after the extinction of mankind. You are tasked with making deliveries through the perilous caves. Use the environment to your advantage, craft interesting items and find (or create) a path for you and your trusty cart.

## Design Pillar Ideas
 - Interactive world
- Discovery/Exploration
- Oppressive World
	- World should feel unconquerable but it should not be.
	- "Carving your space in the world"
	- gritty
- Agency
	- solving problems in many ways, depending on the player

## Setting
Rat people (at least the protagonist), post-apocalyptic (post-human), caves AND tunnels/mines/subways..., every settlement is like its own city state with very different governments, settlements are very isolated

## Themes
- retreat/escape
- organization of society
- perseverance 
- caves/underground
- isolation(ism)?

## Camera
complete top-down

## Technical details
### Platform
- PC downloadable
### Programming
- Godot (GDscript)
	- GDextension with C++
- 
### Sound
- wwise
- fl
### Art
- clipstudio paint (can import photoshop - so that's fine)
### Design
- Obsidian
### Writing
- just google docs
### Sharing stuff
- for the builds and game design doc: git
- otherwise drive